right can you make me then leave please
people I'll do it myself don't see you
sir you got make me a little leaf there
we go we're going to make out top for
our little pie like this now all you do
is just take a decent-sized bit of
pastry over the top press it around the
edge there we go and then you cut it and
then I expect to see this in the path
you see I suppose yeah there you go
but all you do is go around the edge
like that and then thank you very much
Nellie there and then you literally just
with your finger and his thumb press it
so it joins together it's a nice little
pie you like that Tony see that's where
he's got a shirt like that you know egg
wash no you can take them home with you
a little bit of leaf on the top
essential element in the oven you could
go over get me one that's in the oven
now this is a simple little glaze this
is apricot jam and a touch of water
traditionally this would let this when I
was in France working a lot of French
chefs really it'll be put over the top
of the tart to stop it from discoloring
and stuff a nice little simple glaze
this goes in the oven see these go in
the oven that's right these go in the
oven for about 25 to 30 minutes about
200 degrees centigrade 400 Fahrenheit
something like that and they want to
cook nicely in a hot oven we got and you
can just turn these out carefully do it
like that
I made these now it's important that you
use apricot jam as well because every
got jammed you don't get that color
where's my duck feather brush didn't see
much of it you still in the bin your
fault you got me in trouble
bit of that over-the-top lovely round
the edge and then all we do now look if
I drop this inside I just pop this in
the plate later I cut this down the
middle see all the juices is out look at
this right come on over guys we got some
wine to go with this cream thank you
that one there you go like your idea and
food heaven that's what you think